c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe.config
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.pdb
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.PRINCIPAL.resources
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarCliente.resources
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VeryActualizarCliente.resources
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.exe
c:\users\pedro\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.pdb
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarInferiores.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarServicio.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarSuperiores.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.Ayuda.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.CrearServicio.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.IngresarMediInferiores.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.IngresarMediSuperiores.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarPedido.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarVenta.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VerPedidos.resources
C:\Users\PEDRO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VerVentas.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe.config
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.exe
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.pdb
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.pdb
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarInferiores.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarServicio.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarSuperiores.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.Ayuda.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.CrearServicio.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.PRINCIPAL.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.IngresarMediInferiores.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.IngresarMediSuperiores.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarCliente.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarPedido.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarVenta.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VerPedidos.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VerVentas.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VeryActualizarCliente.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\C#\Satco1\Satco1\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe.config
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.exe
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.pdb
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.pdb
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarInferiores.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarServicio.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarSuperiores.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.Ayuda.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.CrearServicio.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.PRINCIPAL.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.IngresarMediInferiores.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.IngresarMediSuperiores.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarCliente.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarPedido.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarVenta.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VerPedidos.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VerVentas.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VeryActualizarCliente.resources
E:\C#\Satco1\satco\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe.config
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.exe
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.pdb
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.pdb
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarInferiores.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarServicio.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.ActualizarSuperiores.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.Ayuda.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.CrearServicio.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.PRINCIPAL.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.IngresarMediInferiores.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.IngresarMediSuperiores.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarCliente.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarPedido.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.RegistrarVenta.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VerPedidos.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VerVentas.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.VeryActualizarCliente.resources
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\proyecto\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\Nuevo repositorio\Satco1\bin\Debug\Satco1.exe.config
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\Nuevo repositorio\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.exe
C:\Users\APRENDIZ\Desktop\Nuevo repositorio\Satco1\obj\Debug\Satco1.pdb
